---
layout: post
title:  "I Was Reminded What It’s Like To Be A Kid"
date:   2014-04-15 
categories: personal
---
 <i>Or: Maybe Kids Aren’t The Worst Things Ever</i>

I’m definitely more of a dog person. Those of you who are my close friends know my not-so-secret distaste for children. It’s not that I don’t like them per se, it’s just I have no idea how to act around kids, and generally, their misbehavior gives me anxiety. 

You wouldn’t be able to tell by looking at me—when I’m around kiddos I’m generally happy and playful, but inside my brain is screaming, “No! Don’t touch that! Germs! Be quiet! People are staring!” 

And when I’m not included in the group of children, I’m usually in the group of adults staring at them, wishing they were more grown-up. 

This weekend was no different. I went to an intimate show in Berkley. <a href="http://jonahmatranga.com"><u>Jonah Matranga</u></a> was playing at The Monkey House. (If you don’t know his stuff, check it out. It’s fun.)

When we arrived, there were kids everywhere. Here I was thinking it was going to be a normal 21+ show at some random dive bar, but no, it was small and intimate and we’re all scrunched together singing along to this beautiful acoustic music.

The thing is, the kids would <i>not</i> sit still. They were clapping during sets, talking to their parents, and randomly going on stage. Jonah didn’t mind of course, and encouraged them to participate in his set. 

It was driving me crazy, these unruly bundles of non-stop energy. It was all I could do to keep from having a heart attack. 

Until about halfway through the show when I realized the kids were having more fun than all the adults combined. They danced around without caring what anyone thought, gave Jonah high-fives, and clapped when they were excited. 

I was bothered not because of the noise, but because I had forgotten what it was like to be a child. Forgotten how it feels to be carefree—like the little girl that sang the entire acoustic version of <i>Ride My Pony</i> thinking it was about a carousel. Forgotten that sometimes it’s okay to dance like a maniac just because it makes you happy. 

San Francisco is awesome because there aren’t any kids around; it has <u><a href=“http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/09/families-flee-san-francisco_n_1335639.html”>fewer children</a></u> than any major city. You can go to restaurants that don’t have high chairs and visit parks with no swing sets.

But San Francisco is also kind of a bummer because there aren’t any kids around. You don’t hear laughter streaming from basketball courts, or see children getting covered in mud on a warm summer day. It’s a very grown-up town. 

I realized I’ve suffered not being around kids (not teens, just small children), because kids teach us how to be better adults. They remind us it’s okay if we fail, because we just brush the dirt off and get back up again. They show us what it’s like to be completely uninhibited and being happy with it.

It was nice to be reminded of these lessons on Friday. And, eventually, dance along to the music myself. 